---
title: "Family Album Episode 01"
date: 2022-03-20 19:58:26
tags: FamilyAlbum
categories: English
---

## ACT I

### Dialogue

Excuse me. My name is Richard Stewart.

I'm a **photographer**.
May I take a picture of you and your little boy?

What's it for?

It's for a book.

You're writing a book?

It's a book of pictures.

I call it Family Album, U.S.A.

<!-- more -->

Oh, that's a nice idea.

Well, it's fine if you take our picture.

I'm Martha Vann.
Thank you. I **appreciate** your help.
I'm Richard. What's your name?
Gerald.
How old are you, Gerald?
Five.
And where do you live?
We live in California.
Well, welcome to New York.
OK, just a second.
I'm almost ready here.
Can I help you?
Oh, please.
Hold Gerald's hand, please. Great!
Now point to the buildings.
**Terrific**!
Give Mommy a kiss, Gerald. Nice!
Thank you, Gerald.
And thank you, Mrs. Vann.
Oh, my **pleasure**.
We'll be looking for your book.
Thank you. Good-bye. Bye, Gerald.
Thanks again.
Oh, you're welcome.
Hey, let me take your picture!
Wonderful. Please.
Are you from New York?
No, I'm from Greece.
I'm an **exchange student**.
When did you come here?
Three months ago.
Your English is very good.
Thanks.
I studied English in school.
Would you like some coffee?
No, thank you.
Tell me about your book.
Oh, it's not finished yet,
but I have some of the pictures.
Would you like to see them?
Yes. I'd like that.
Here they are. Family Album, U.S.A.
It's an album of pictures of the United States:
the cities, the special places, and the people.
And these are pictures of people working:
**steelworkers**, bankers, police, street vendors,
**ambulance** drivers, doctors....
Oh, this is my father. He's a doctor.
This is my mother.
This is my mother.
What's her name?
Ellen.
My younger brother, Robbie.
He goes to high school.
This is my sister Susan.
She works for a toy company.
Here's my grandfather. He lives in Florida.
And this is my wife Marilyn.
Oh, she's very pretty.
Thanks. And what about your family?
They are in Thessaloniki.
That's a large city in northern Greece.
But now I'm living in the Bronx.
With a Greek-American family?
No. Hispanic.
Oh no! It's five thirty.
Will you excuse me?
I have to meet my wife.
It was nice meeting you.
It was a pleasure meeting you, too.
Thanks for your help.
And good luck! I've got to go.
By the way, I'm Richard.
What's your name?
Alexandra.
Bye-bye, Alexandra. Thanks.
Bye-bye. Richard! Richard! You left your bag!

### Recap

Family Album, U.S.A.
It's an album of pictures of the United States.
Richard takes many pictures for his album.
He photographs the cities like New York...
and other special places.
He photographs people working:
police, ambulance drivers, steel workers, doctors.
Philip Stewart, Richard's father, is a doctor.
He's a **pediatrician**, a children's doctor.
And Richard's mother, Ellen Stewart, is a **home maker**.
His brother Robbie,
is a student of Riverdale High School.
He's 17.
Richard has one sister.
Her name is Susan.
She works for a toy company in New York City.
Malcolm Stewart is Richard's grandfather.
He's 72 years old and lives in Florida.
And this is Richard's wife, Marilyn Stewart.
She is a **fashion designer** and a **sales clerk**
in a **boutique** in New York City.
You'll meet Marilyn Stewart
and all of the other Stewarts in Family Album, U.S.A.

## ACT II

### Dialogue

Excuse me, **officer**.
Can you help me?
Sure.
Can you tell me
how to get to Linden Street, in Riverdale?
"Richard Stewart, 46 Linden Street,
Riverdale, New York."
You should take the number 1 **subway**.
Is there a station near here?
Yes. The station's that way.
You should take the number 1 train
to Van Cortlandt Park.
Number 1 train to Van Cortlandt Park. Thank you.
Anytime. Good luck.
Remember, the number 1 train. The uptown **platform**.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Is this pink too bright for me?
Mmm-hmm. It is a very bright pink.
Try this. It's size eight.
But I wear size ten.
How about green? It's size ten.
Let me try it on.
I'm taking too much of your time.
It's six o'clock.
Where's my husband?
I was **expecting** him here at five forty-five.
Don't worry. The traffic is very heavy at this hour.
I know. But we're going to be late for dinner.
I'll take this green sweater.
I'll take this green sweater.
I like the color on me, don't you?
I think it looks terrific on you.
I'm sorry I'm so late.
I had a really bad day.
It's ten after six. We're late.
Robbie's cooking tonight, and dinner's at six thirty.
I know. I know. I'm really sorry.
I left my bag of film on the **ferry**.
I went back for it, but the ferry was gone.
I lost a whole day's work.
I'll call the Staten Island Ferry **lost-and-found** office.
I didn't think of that. Thanks.
Hello.
Yes. The number, please,
of the Staten Island Ferry lost-and-found office.
Five five five...zero eight zero eight.
Thank you.
I really appreciate it, Marilyn.
Hello.
Did anyone find a camera bag this afternoon,
a small **canvas** bag,
on the J. F. Kennedy Ferry?...No?
on the J. F. Kennedy Ferry?...No?
Maybe someone will find it.
The name is Stewart, Richard Stewart.
And the telephone number is five five five...
three oh nine oh. Thank you.
Sorry, Richard. They don't have it.
Thanks, anyway.
There was a girl on the ferry.
Now maybe...
Tell me about it on the way home.

### Key Phrases: Thank You & You're Welcome

Thank you, I appreciate your help.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Thank you for your help.
Thanks a lot.
I want to thank you for your help.
Thank you.
Glad that I could help.
Don't **mention** it.
I'm glad that I could help.
Thanks. You're welcome.
Thanks, Gerald.
And thank you, Mrs. Vann.
Oh, my pleasure.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Thank you very much.
It was very nice of you.
I appreciate it.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Don't mention it.
I'm glad that I could help.
My pleasure.
It was nothing.
You're welcome.
The number one train to Van Cortlandt Park.
Thank you.
Anytime. Good luck.
Thank you very much.
It was very nice of you.
I appreciate it.
Thanks a lot. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Don't mention it.
I'm glad that I could help.
My pleasure.
It was nothing.
You're welcome.
Thank you for your help.
Thanks a lot.
I want to thank you for your help.
Thank you.
Glad that I could help.
Don't mention it.
I'm glad that I could help.
Thanks. You're welcome.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, Richard. They don't have it.
Thanks, anyway.
Thanks, anyway.
It was nice of you to try.
I appreciate it.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Anytime.
Anytime.
Don't mention it.
I'd really like to help.
You're welcome.
My pleasure.
Anytime.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

## ACT III

### Dialogue

And give her a **teaspoon** of the **medicine** after every meal.
Don't worry. She'll be fine.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
How are you?
I'm tired and hungry.
Well, Marilyn and Richard called.
They'll be here soon, and then we'll eat.
All right. Is...is Susan coming?
Well, she'll be here later.
She has to work late tonight.
And what's Robbie cooking for dinner?
It's a surprise.
I hope it's pasta.
Robbie, the dinner was terrific.
Yes, it was delicious.
What's for dessert?
Oh, I forgot dessert.
Robbie!
Don't worry.
We've got lots of ice cream.
Oh, I'd love some ice cream.
Well, there's chocolate and coffee and a little vanilla.
I'll have vanilla.
Is that all right with everyone?
I'll have chocolate.
Me, too.
Uh, one scoop of coffee
and one scoop of chocolate for me.
Robbie, will you help me serve?
I keep thinking about that bag of film. Eight rolls.
A whole day's work.
A whole day's work.
And good stuff, too.
Don't worry, Richard.
Somenoe will find it.
I'll get it. Hello.
Hello.
Does Richard Stewart live here?
Yes, he's my brother.
I'm Robbie...Robbie Stewart.
I'm Alexandra Pappas.
How do you do?
Your brother left his bag of film on the **ferryboat**.
I found it.
I'm really glad to see you.
I mean...my brother'll be really glad to see you!
Robbie! Who is it?
It's Richard's film!
I mean, Alexandra Pappas.
Come in, please.
Alexandra!
Hello, Richard. I found your bag!
Oh, thank you! Thank you!
Um...Alexandra, let me **introduce** you.
Um...Alexandra, let me introduce you.
This is my wife Marilyn.
Richard showed me your photo.
How do you do?
Oh yes.
Richard told us all about you.
It's nice to meet you.
And this is my mother, Ellen Stewart.
How do you do?
And my father, Dr. Philip Stewart.
Nice to meet you, Alexandra.
And...ah...you met Robbie.
Yes. And you must be Susan. Hi.
Hi. Welcome.
I'm so glad you found the bag
and took the time and **trouble** to return it.
Oh, it was no trouble.
I just took the wrong train.
Would you like something to eat?
Thank you, no.
I'm late for dinner at my house.
I really have to go.
Would you like to call home?
Would you like to call home?
I'd appreciate that.
Please, use the phone.
Thanks. Excuse me.
Alexandra's a high-school exchange student from Greece.
Where does she live?
With a family in the Bronx.
Oh, that's not too far from here!
**Take it easy**, Robbie.
Thank you.
I can only stay a few minutes.
Have some iced tea.
Thanks, Mrs. Stewart.
Please sit down, Alexandra.
So, you're an exchange student.
Where do you go to school?
At the Bronx High School of Science.
Oh, that's a very good school.
What are your favorite subjects?
**Biology** and **mathematics**.
Richard tells me you're a doctor.
Yes, a pediatrician.
And what does your father do?
He's a **lawyer**, in Thessaloniki.
Would you like some pasta?
I made it myself.
It might be a little cold.
Thanks, no. I do have to go.
It was nice meeting you all.
Well, maybe you'll come for lunch some Sunday,
so we can really thank you
for bringing Richard's bag back.
Maybe.
You're welcome anytime.
Good-bye.
Can I drive you home?
No, thanks.
The train is just up the street.
It won't take me long at all.
Well, you really **saved the day** for me, Alexandra.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Good night.
She's a smart young lady, and very nice.
Very! Hey, she forgot her bag!
Very! Hey, she forgot her bag!
I guess we'll be seeing Alexandra again.
Right, Robbie?

### Recap

My name is Richard Stewart.
I'm a photographer.
I'm Martha Vann.
I'm Richard. What's your name?
Gerald.
By the way, I'm Richard.
What's your name?
Alexandra.
We live in California.
Are you from New York?
No, I'm from Greece.
I'm Robbie, Robbie Stewart.
I'm Alexandra Pappas.
How do you do?
Alexandra, let me introduce you.
This is my wife, Marilyn.
Richard showed me your photo.
How do you do?
Oh yes. Richard told us all about you.
It's nice to meet you.
And this is my mother, Ellen Stewart.
How do you do?
And my father, Dr. Philip Stewart.
Nice to meet you, Alexandra.
And you've met Robbie.
Yes. And you must be Susan. Hi. Hi.
It was nice meeting you all.
